I will not comment on the fact that Yemi is about to propose.
Anyway, are you excited to be in church?
Oh, I can't hear you.
Are you excited to be in church?
The Bible says in Isaiah chapter 60 verse 1, I rise and shine for your light has come.
And this is the word I have for you today.
Your light is coming today, and it is your time to shine.
And we are receiving the prophetic word about why few are chosen.
And I believe God is selecting us here at the Fence Love Church.
And we are special chosen people for God's work and for God's glory.
Tell your neighbor I'm chosen.
Tell your neighbor I'm special.
I tell your neighbor it's my time to shine.
I can't hear you shout it's my time to shine.
Stand to your feet that rise and shine for the light
Just breathe the light of God, the word of God, the word of transformation.
It is impossible when you put your trust in God.
And it's all right, kind of in the air.
Nothing is impossible when you trust in His way.
How can you, the voice of God, to these who don't need to have for God?
Is there anything too hard for me?
Trust in God alone, and rest upon His heart.
If you believe in declaring for everything, for everything, yes, everything is possible.
I say your enemies throwing down on your face, lift up what's in the crowd.
Nothing is impossible.
When you're trusted in it, it's a good good decision.
I can do the voice of God to thee.
Is there anything too hard for me?
Then put your trust in God, Lord, and rest upon His Word.
For everything, for everything, yes, everything.
Thank you, Lord, for this great blessing.
In Jesus' name, we pray.
Amen.
You may be seated.
I hope you know there are many other churches you can go to.
So feel free.
Amen.
Why if you are chosen part five?
First Corinthians chapter 10,
I'm gonna, this is gonna be something short because I want us to have revival tonight.
Hallelujah.
Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant how that all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea.
Amen.
And all were baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea.
And did all eat the same spiritual meat.
And did all drink the same spiritual drink for the drunk of that spiritual rock that followed them.
And that rock was Christ.
But with many of them, God was not well pleased for they were overthrown in the wilderness.
Now, 2 million people came out of Egypt, but only Caleb Joshua and those who were 20 years old and below were able to enter the promised land.
So 2 million became only the youth.
So many are called and the youth were chosen.
Wow.
Oh, you are not reading the same Bible.
Huh?
It's right there.
Many are called and then the youth were chosen.
So God has
a warning for us, amen.
And it is very important that we see that many can be chosen and you be left only with the young people.
Wow.
So young people, many are called and the young were chosen.
Amen.
And that is a great warning to all of us because you would have thought that it is old people, young people who have lasts and other problems.
Now the reason for this is given in first Corinthians chapter 10.
Let's look at numbers chapter 14, verse 29, verse 27.
How long shall I bear with this evil congregation?
Which member against me?
For I have had the memorings of the children of Israel, which they remember.
Say unto them, as truly as I live, say the Lord, as you have spoken in my years, so will I do to you.
Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness, and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from 20 years old and
upward, which may meant against me.
Doubtless, you shall not come into the land concerning which I swear to make you dwell therein.
Save Caleb, the son of Jefferson and Joshua, the son of none.
Now, our ministry, our church, is moving on.
And I believe that the young people have been chosen by God to
carry on and to press on.
Even we as fathers, we can see that God is choosing the young people amongst us to carry on.
So very important, you must not make the same mistakes of the fathers.
Amen.
Because God really listens to weds, especially complaints.
So if you complain, God really hears
what you say.
So it's very important that you watch what you say.
And that's why I said that I don't know why you still come to church if you don't respect these things or if you are Temerarios.
Huh?
Did you get that word on the last meeting?
Yeah.
We've already finished church already here, but we are still in the presence of the Lord.
Why not?
Now, the first
Reason, very few reasons.
Number one is, and I'm going to give you all the reasons in one go.
There's six.
These things were for our examples.
Why the youth were chosen?
So many are called and the youth are chosen.
Why?
Number one, this happened as an example that we should not last after evil things as they lasted.
Which is a surprise because you would have thought that the younger ones were watching pornography.
Because you know, all that people don't really watch so much pornography because they are not used to using these phones and so on.
They don't even know how to do it.
So all that people are not into that sort of thing.
I mean, you have to get a film and watch it.
A cassette.
Are you listening?
Yes.
So they lasted after things, that's the first reason.
Number two, they were, neither be I don't lattice, they were I don't, they had idols.
So idols, any other thing that challenges your love for God, an idol, anything that can replace God.
Now when you think about what can make you get up early and go to work, is your work.
Well, I can make you do this, smile.
Some of you don't smile, but we ain't good to have you smile.
That's your goal, is the thing that can move you.
Number three, neither let us commit phonication as some of them committed and fell in one day 23,000.
So, phonication is one of the key eliminators.
But the Bible says Babylon,
Babylon is fallen because of her phonication.
So, phonication is a master.
I was going to say key, but it's a master.
Eliminator.
That you must eliminate.
And to eliminate phonication is an act.
It's something that
you have to learn.
If you read Thessalonians chapter 4, maybe we quickly, just a quick nip there, because I told you, I'm just giving these points and we go.
In Thessalonians 4, there's 4.
It says, every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification.
Amen.
And honor.
verse three and four.
For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should abstain from, um, fornication.
So, sanctification is being equalled to abstaining from fornication.
Here.
Are you still around?
Yeah.
Shake the person next to you and say, Hey, God is speaking to you.
Stop pretending that you don't understand the message.
So then it says, you know how to possess.
Everyone of you should know how to possess or control your vessel in sanctification and honor.
You have to know how to do it.
So if you don't develop strategies,
to prevent it from occurring.
It is something that wiped out 23,000 of the 2 million people.
Messy.
As you'll never wonder, it's among the 23,000.
Now, how many points have I given you?
Four, tempting God.
Neither let us tempt Christ as some of them tempted Him and were destroyed of seconds.
Tempting God or testing, testing and provoking God.
Bringing, you see, Moses was provoked and they provoked God.
And one of the things that provoked God was what they were saying.
And the persistence in their speaking.
How many points have I given to you for, and the last one, number five, Naira Memagi, as some of them also memed and were destroyed of the destroyer?
So, memory.
So, memory and speaking about against mode, you know, if you take, if you get a position, you get it, you have criticized when you go into the position.
If I was to stand for an election, a whole lot more people will criticize me apart from those who already criticized me.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
And if I was to become the president, a whole lot of people would criticize me.
When I take a decision, they will say this, they will say that.
So what it is is that leaders are the most criticized.
So if you are ever going to fall into memory, it will be usually against a leader, not just against the cutting your house or the house
boy or some person working, right, against a leader.
So when we talk about memory, we are talking about the leader, usually.
It's not that we are trying to protect the leader by preaching against memory so that you don't speak against leaders.
But the truth is that once you occupy the seat, you become a target for all these things.
Are you with me?
Yes.
As we move forward, right, these are the five things that have taken away a lot of grown-ups.
A lot of grown-ups are eliminated by this.
What's the first one?
Last.
Desire.
You see, if I'm preaching to people,
who have a desire for something else than what I'm preaching for, about how can they follow it?
Are you with me?
Yes.
Because apart from everything, apart from your thoughts and your decisions, there is what is guiding you.
In Mark 4, verse 19,
The Bible says the seed is soon, but the cares of this world, the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, shook the calling.
So I preached to many people who wanted to be American citizens.
That was their life's desire, not the ministry.
So the last of other things entering in, chop the calling.
So many grown-ups and older people have been wiped out by internal desires, which I would say people don't know that they have.
You know, when you have a desire, you don't know that you have a desire.
Stand up.
How many people did you bring to a swollen Sunday the last time?
I brought seven buses.
You brought what?
Seven buses.
and all the buses carried.
Seven buses, this little girl brought seven buses.
Now, this is a nice girl who usually sits in the front here.
She's a small girl who can bring buses of people like, so when you look on the outward, you may get an impression that this is like a born soul winner.
Yes, she was born with a Bible,
across and some oil.
And all that she wants in this world is to win more souls.
Because she just brings buses of buses.
Literally, seven.
And the last one, you brought how many buses?
That one was four.
That was seven buses of people.
Yes.
So when you see a nice beautiful girl like this, you get the feeling that
She obviously my book will make yourself saviors of men, the new book.
This is the epitome, you want to check the word epitome, epitome off.
She doesn't even need that book because she's already a savior of men.
But the desire that is in her, she probably doesn't even know that a very strong desire is in her to marry and to have children.
And apart from everything else, which is reading the Bible, claiming praying, whatever, that desire is a strong river.
It's like getting into a river, which is moving this way.
People are not aware of their desires.
That's what you have to realize.
Yes?
In fact, it takes a lot of discernment to design your own desires.
So I've been preaching to people who are filled with
You see, the first thing that eliminated the two million people, I don't know how many were used, but two million reduced to only a youth group.
That's something.
Many are called youth are chosen.
The desires for other things.
So I'll be preaching.
So if you listen to the cumps,
you can sense the strength of preaching against people with fixated desires.
For I want a green card, I want a British passport, I want my children to speak with a British accent, I want to live in Germany, I want to go to Canada, I want to migrate, I want to be a Canadian citizen, I want to be abroad, I want to have money, I want, and I'm preaching, let us work for God, let us work.
There are other lusts that are in people, sometimes they're not even aware of it.
Maybe I caught the youth are chosen.
I didn't write the Bible.
So if you want to be angry, be angry with the Bible, personally, directly, and then with Jesus.
And Moses.
So this beautiful girl here, you get the feeling that, oh, this is like a seven-bath soul winning.
And some of the pastors cannot bring seven buses.
They don't even bring any bus.
No, I mean, this church almost everybody brings about, but I'm saying in some other places, the pastor is a kind of, I mean, big short-term type of person who just sort of comes to church.
He doesn't even understand why his church is not growing.
But this little girl is doing wonders, but you don't know the desires that she has.
And she's not also probably not aware.
Now, when God was punishing Eve, sit down, when God was punishing Eve, he told her, you,
You, this woman, what you have done, I will show you, God's punishment, they are very well-ruled.
Look, the wildest Kesha and Punisher is God.
Yeah, the wildest Kesha and Punisher is God.
Look at what he says.
To the woman, he said, I would greatly multiply thy soul.
and die conception.
Like you cry in this world.
And then your conception to have children.
Now, in sorrow, you shall bring four children.
All these are punishment too.
Look at the punishment.
All are punishment.
Don't say any of them is a reward because they are all punishment.
And then I'm going to punish you with a desire.
your desire shall be to die husband.
Not even to die child, to die husband.
So when you see people, you know, have their assets in schools, I don't want to mention them, they'll be telling you don't need a man, you know, you can make it on your own, you don't need a man to make up, what a man can do, a woman can do better.
Yes.
A man is not, a man is not a pillow that you rest your head on.
Mm-hmm.
And what else?
No, no, I cannot mention any school, because I mean, there are many schools.
And they'll be teaching them.
You can make it alone.
You can distance that and that.
And you see?
Them say, look, I don't need a... Look, look.
Seven buses or 70 buses.
You see that the person has a primary desire.
And the desire is affecting you.
The person starts to wither.
The person starts to fade.
The person starts to jitter.
Yes, it's real.
And you see, we don't want to be humble and accept some of these realities.
That's why pastors, sometimes we look at the people, we have pity and compassion.
I always ask you, do you have a beloved?
You have a beloved, I'm always concerned about that.
I don't just bother people like that.
I know what is the deepest yening.
And it's a pity that when people have the opportunity to marry, and they have a husband, and they start to act whole.
This man doesn't bring anything.
You know, we need some, somebody better.
This person is not of any use.
They send that and that and that.
Yeah, it's a kept man.
It doesn't do much.
I don't see the use of money in this money.
Yes.
You've not had people talk like that.
I'm asking you whether you have not had people speaking like that.
Don't come.
I'll come on you just now.
Oh, you're tired.
Hey, what?
Yes.
So brothers and sisters, respect the desires that God has placed in you.
Humble yourself.
Yes.
And also set your heart.
What will God tell you to set if it is on the surface?
It is that you don't have to look, but maybe within there is some desire.
So even we are supposed to, some that we desire fame and desire for pleasure that we want to save God, that we want to be great or famous.
That's actually what we desire.
So we need to set our hearts because we don't know what river is making us move in the direction.
That the Greek card is so important.
The British passport is your target.
Are you there?
Yeah.
So many people have designs and have
spend my life a lot of time preaching to that.
So I like to now, when I'm having camp meetings, try to sift people so that I can eliminate them.
When I meet people with certain desire, my preaching is against those desires.
I'll spend about 90% preaching against those things.
Yes, before I can even get to the point.
Yes, not about how to be a missionary, but why are you not a missionary?
I'll spend three days, why are you not a missionary?
instead of how to be a missionary.
What's the second dangerous thing?
No, so last, so everybody here start to set your heart and ask yourself, what are my after?
Ask your neighbor, you are told, what are you after?
What are you after?
Yes.
So any human being you see, you must know that apart from his thoughts and his feelings, there are some desires.
And it doesn't even, it doesn't maybe necessarily cause a feeling.
Like we all desire love, we don't know that we all give wonder.
The most wicked and relatable people really want to be loved.
They want somebody to say, come to me, but they are full of knives or we should throw in knives.
And they always want somebody,
How can my darling come about?
They are full of knife, knife, knife, destroying knives or that.
How can you betray knives that somebody will hold you?
Yes.
So ladies and gentlemen, the lusts today is the end of setting lusts in your life.
Check your heart.
Yes.
Maybe we are preaching.
Maybe we want money.
Yes.
That's why we are doing what we are doing.
Maybe that is the reason.
So it's not something that's on the surface or you have to always, you have to set your heart and be sure.
Sometimes you have to be sure of what you are doing.
Sometimes you don't even preach certain things.
When I instituted honoring your prophet, it took me
about 30 years of being in this ministry before I even told someone I honor your prophet.
And I told it to my young people who I knew they didn't have anything.
Because I have to search my heaven.
That's why I want people to honor the prophet.
But I could see that all the grown-ups, they're not blessed with anointing in the ministry.
These are an anointing debt-free, anointing, increasing movement.
It's working in this chair, even if the children is working.
You see somebody with salary of 800 in this building a house.
Yes, he's building a house here at a Switzerland level.
Yeah.
It's looking for roof.
So we must all set our hearts.
Maybe you are proposed to a beautiful girl.
I have to ask yourself,
What desire is moving in you?
Yes.
Maybe you heard that the sister has a British passport.
So your eyes are set on England.
Your eyes are set on England.
When I marry this one, I'm going to England, straight.
I'm going to Canada.
I'm going to Germany.
I'm going to Spain.
Hey, I'll go on KLM.
I've had off KLM.
This time I'll be there.
That is why it is easier for a brother who works in the UN to propose.
He's working at UN.
Whereas he's somebody who's working at customs.
Customs.
Organa present service is proposing to you compared with somebody who is working at United Nations or UNHCR.
You must ask yourself what desires do you have?
And you see all those things affect the call of God.
You think you are following God but actually is your desire that's moving like this.
One day I went somewhere there was a river and I made a terrible mistake because they gave us boots that you paddle.
I think you roll with your legs or you paddle.
But what it is is that I didn't look at the water well.
And if I look, maybe I would have changed my mind.
I would have thought about it well.
So I sat in the boat, and now, before I realized it was going this way.
Hey.
Now I started to move.
I saw that all that I was doing was not working.
It was going, but I had to, and had to, before I started to move slowly.
That's when I saw that something was carrying me.
We have the songs that carry me.
Yeah, carry me.
I realized I was being carried by an undercurrent.
Any undercurrent that is carrying you today, we terminate the current in the name of Jesus.
Hey!
It's moving you, and you don't even realize that it's moving you.
I didn't look at the water well, otherwise I'd have seen that there is a mover in the water.
When I came to the land eventually, my legs
I was exhausted, I said, my God, never make a mistake or I wanted to make a sign for any future visitor.
Never sit in this boat.
You will suffer before you come back to safety.
So whenever you land in this life, you have landed in a sea and a river of desires.
Yes.
That's why the Bible says it's better for a noble to be your king and to rule you because there are some things he has eaten already.
is not now that he's going to taste certain delicacies.
So he will not live his life trying to get all those things.
Yes, it's better.
When a poor, when a servant leads, the Bible says that the earth trembles.
Because he wants to, he wants to have certain things.
Mobutu, you know.
He used to rent higher, you see, when he was flying, he used to hire the concord.
The Concorde Jets.
Yes?
And you will see the Concorde pact.
And I don't know if you know what is the Concorde.
The Concorde, which was flying faster than the speed of sound.
That is the plane that he has for his personal trips.
And you will see the Concorde pact, a double light or so.
A double light, the convalese would tell him that town.
He built and mentioned that.
And that is where he was.
He was richer than his country.
Anyway, today is just a short Bible lesson.
So number two, worshiping of idols.
No more idols.
Number three, fornication.
We have looked at that already.
Number four, tempting God, tempting God.
And number five, memory.
No more talking, fear things, amen.
You know, I was talking to a brother,
who joined his brother to chase his father with a catalyst.
And the reason is that the father has gone for a girlfriend.
So I asked him, you, at your age, did you have, did you have, did you have, yes, I also had girlfriends.
I said, at your age, you have girlfriends.
And your father, who is a grown up, also has a girlfriend.
And you are taking a catalyst with chasing.
How can your life work well?
What I'm saying is that the person you are chasing and attacking, you are worse than the person.
You are worse than the person.
Because maybe the father has tried up to a point.
And at a point, he couldn't.
You there, you haven't started.
You are already somewhere and you are taking
Every form of case that comes through memory, you will not be included in Jesus' name.
From today, you are part of the youth.
Yes.
There are people in this church, our church, UD, who criticize me and memory.
That's why they are like chicks.
They all chicks that do not grow big.
As I'm getting bigger and growing bigger, they are at the same day.
What this, please talk about me.
Yes.
they can receive and receive and receive and remain.
It's true.
When I preach about this, why do you say this?
When I take a decision, why do you do it?
Because our church is always moving.
No, you know something, if you like die and come back in five years' time.
You'll be surprised what you come and find.
Even two years, I would say that, be sure if you are welcome, I would say that perhaps our church and that both major changes everyone and they have to.
to between one and a half to two years, there are some major things that move on in the system.
Yeah.
When a leader is taking decisions, there are always people who are like ignorant dogs, who back?
And why did he say this?
Well, I preach about that, there are people who back at me and say, why are they dead?
That is why on their last day on this end, they'll be in debt.
on the last day that they go out of this world, they'll be in debt.
Yes?
That's why they'll never rise up with wings like eagles.
There are people who criticize me, speak against me in their secret places.
That is why the cast, you see, the cast that I was talking of the earlier service, you know, we've been having those of you who just came.
We've been here for some time, you know?
I was telling the earlier that a cast starts with a small step.
Africa didn't become, you see, let's take the real ways that I'm gonna, from 1957 till today, that the real ways got finished, it is 62 years.
And I had them describing the sky train.
Beautiful.
Sky train, by the way, is a train that runs on a concrete,
platform and you must know how heavy a train is.
So let me not make a comment about this.
Yes, let me not make a comment about this.
It is lifted in the air and it moves in the air.
Yes, but the ground one
Since 1957.
And just a normal road from a car to Kumase.
It's just wonderful, amazing, fantastic, and beautiful.
What I'm saying to you is that cases don't come in less than one big bank.
Sometimes there are big bank cases.
That's a big bank.
But apart from big bank cases, it's always in small steps.
By the time you see the picture, it's unmistakable.
Travel everywhere in Africa.
I went to Rwanda.
This is Rwanda.
It is Rwanda that I saw a shepherd leading a pig.
I've not seen a shepherd with a pig before.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes?
It's amazing.
So brothers and sisters, people are not making it because of these things, and it's left with the young.
So that is why when the young people came in Joshua chapter 1, the last days, they told Joshua the chalet look,
Do you remember what Moses said?
Anybody who comes against you, we will kill the person.
We have seen that such people, when they speak, they shouldn't speak at all.
And they should even go home and come for another meeting.
We will kill all such people at meetings.
Any such person who comes at a meeting to say anything against you, he shouldn't exist.
We've seen and we have learned from our fathers.
Let's, it happens to us in the same way.
Yes.
Brothers and sisters, ministry and church is a long route.
Yeah, it's a long route to survive, to make it.
Read for yourself what eliminates the art.
One day,
I was in a hotel.
This hotel is only made of glass.
Yes, you'll be there.
Receive it.
And for some reason, I was sleeping on the floor.
Then I had a vision.
In the vision, I was walking down a road.
I was with two friends, and these two friends, I was chatting with them.
Then suddenly, in that vision, I criticized a man of God.
I'm not sure which man of God, so don't bother to ask me after.
I criticized a man of God.
We were working this way.
Suddenly, in that vision, far away in a mountain, there was a movement, and there was an animal.
The animal is like a hog.
A hog is like a big black pig, but it's bigger with horns, tusks.
It came from a forest and mountain, and it came slowly, but you see, one of the things I want you to notice this, it never ran.
It never ran fast.
It just walked.
But as it kept walking, I became more and more conscious of it.
And I said that looking back, I fulfilled that something was coming.
It was as soon as I spoke, memory brings demons.
The thing walked gently and come.
It wasn't fast.
It wasn't running, but it was brisk.
And it just kept coming.
And it kept coming and coming and coming.
Suddenly I realized that this thing was coming towards us.
But I don't know how I knew it was coming for me.
So I turn around like this.
My friend was on the right, my friend was on the left, and the thing was right in front of me here.
And now, it jumped up.
It jumped the thing, I didn't even know if you could jump.
It leap into my chest.
We got to imagine the two legs with the hole and the holes coming like this.
Straight at my chest.
And then I scream.
I was in the glass hotel.
You know you wake up.
I say, you know, you wake up.
Yes.
You know, and the Lord said to me, every time you open your mouth to speak against my seventh whom I have called and have chosen, you are attracting demons from far places, from marine spirits, ocean deep demons,
You know how many of you are buried in the sea?
Do you know what is in the water?
You have qualities from the forest, from places to come to you.
Learn to shut your mouth.
From that time I started watching animals, national, geographic, channels.
I don't want to see any pastor and say anything about this.
I watch people and they're criticizing pastors and professors.
They'll be careful.
You'll be sure what will happen to you.
I see many people like the story I told you, like the chicks.
In medicine, we have when a child is born and the child doesn't grow tall or doesn't grow.
It's called failure to thrive.
Failure to thrive.
Failure to do well.
It can't make it.
It can't grow.
Things don't develop.
It will never happen to you.
I say it will never happen to you.
So instead of dishonoring, I'm teaching you to honor so that you'll be far from it.
Yeah, so I treat you differently.
That's the young people.
Because I'm trying to let you not make the same mistake.
Yes.
That's the saddest thing.
May you do better.
Memory is not a sign that you are good.
is a sign that you have respect, because you are the same as the person you are remembering against.
If you have even made the leader, things would be even be worse.
If you were put in such a temptation, your kiss will be still bad.
Be quiet, that's all.
And learn to just slink away like a cat.
Yes.
So this is many a part that you've not chosen.
You will be among the young who have chosen to enter a place.
Stand to your feet.
You don't want to close?
Please stand up and let's go home, please.
What a blessing.
How many are already blessed?
Today, we have seen the meaning of ease equal to MC squared.
How many realize that God has given you regulations?
You never even knew.
In Jesus' name, every hand into the sky.
Jesus, thanks.
Thanks for your blessing.
Thanks for your kindness.
Thanks for your goodness.
Many are called, but the youth are chosen.
Bring us to a pleasant place.
What our fathers couldn't escape.
May we escape it.
May we survive it.
May we overcome it.
May we prevail.
I thank you Heavenly Father in the name of Jesus.
Put your hand on your heart and receive a good spirit of a young person.
Even no matter your age, you are tending to a young person by the grace and the power of the Holy Spirit.
Father, thank you.
Thank you for a young, eager, willing, good spirit.
We give you thanks in the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Every head bowed, every eye closed, if you are here, you want to give your life to Jesus.
Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus Christ.
If you are here like that, lift your hand up high like this.
See how my hand is lifted.
Pastor, I want to give my life to God today.
Lift your hand up like this quickly.
God bless you.
If your hands are lifted up, only those whose hands are lifted up come to me now.
Come from where you are standing.
I want to pray with you.
God bless you, keep coming, come on my friend.
Let us pray.
All of you who are in front here, lift your hands and say this prayer with me.
Say, Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I give my heart to you.
Say it out loud, I give my life to you.
Please write my name in the book of life.
Come into my life and change me.
Say, change me Jesus.
Save me Jesus.
Thank you for saving me today.
In Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
God bless you.
I am giving you one of my books as a good presence, okay?
And all of you are going to be blessed with this.
So when we close, if you have this book, all the people don't have it, if you have this book, come
to this side here.
Where they are waving their hand over the salvation corner.
Yes, salvation corner.
Come there.
This is your ticket.
Okay.
God bless you.
You may be seated.
We are now going to receive Holy Communion.
Holy Communion.
Amen.
One of mine, he sent Moses his seventh and Aaron whom he had chosen.
He showed science amongst them.
He sent darkness.
He turned their waters into blood.
He slew their fish.
He brought frogs, diverse sorts of flies and lights and all their coasts.
He gave them hill for rain, flaming fire in their land.
He smote their vines.
He speak and the locals came.
He did eat up all the heaps in their land.
He smote also the firstborn.
None of these were able to release the children of Israel.
But in Exodus 11 verse 1, the Lord said unto Moses, yet I will bring one more plague upon Pharaoh and upon Egypt.
Afterwards, he will let you go.
The blood is the last cup, one more plague on the enemy.
And after that, there will be no more talking.
So today, the blood of Jesus is the last cat God has to rescue you from the works of the devil.
Stand to your feet.
Hold your bread in your hand.
Let this body of Christ perform miracles as the Lamb of God
The Lamb performed miracles in Egypt and released an entire nation.
May you be released from captivity through the Lamb of God that take it away the sins of the world, the body of Jesus Christ.
of the blood, wherever you have been to dirty your feet, this blood will cleanse you.
Whatever your tongue has spoken, that it shouldn't have spoken, this blood will cleanse it.
Whatever's grievous sins you have committed, which is bringing on you a grievous case, the blood of Jesus,
is the last card for your rescue.
May the blood of Jesus speak for you, and may your soul be exchanged and bought and redeemed by this precious blood.
You will not die prematurely because of the blood of Jesus, the blood of Jesus.
your hands for your blessing.
Father, thank you.
You said that shall we bless the people.
Let your face shine upon your people.
Say amen.
Let your face.
Smile toward everyone.
Listening everyone here, everyone presents.
Every angry face, Lord, that you have toward us, let it turn around and let your face not be an angry face toward us.
In the name of Jesus, whatever, since you have made
that you have committed.
May God's anger be turned away from you today.
Let his countenance be raised upon you.
The Lord keep you and the Lord protect you from every form of ambush, every form of surprise, every form of unexpected events that is heading your way
Anything that is coming on the sea is coming by air.
It's coming by land.
It's coming by train.
It's coming by car to surprise you.
It's blocking the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
I command a blessing to be in you and upon you and upon your family.
What about you luck because of your family background?
May this blessing cause you to rise up into what you couldn't possess because of your family.
In the name of Jesus.
Anyone here who belongs to a family that has never traveled abroad before.
No member of your family has gone abroad before.
May that case be broken in the name of Jesus.
I declare you a traveler.
I see you in Asia.
I see you in Europe.
I see you in Africa.
I see you in America.
I see you in South America.
Become a traveler by the power of God in the name of Jesus.
This week, your appointment, your interview, your meeting, it will go well.
It will go well.
It will go well in the name of Jesus.
Whatever has frightened you and scared you in the past, it has no more power to frighten you in the name of Jesus.
You are free from your fears.
The Lord delivers you today from your fears in the name of Jesus Christ.
Put your hand on your heart, receive the love of God.
I say receive the love of God.
Receive the love of God.
Receive the healing of God.
Receive the peace of God.
Receive the power of God.
In the name of Jesus, let me hear your loudest amen.
God bless you.